feat(config): adds override_empty_host_header flag (#132)
coreruleset/go-ftw: README.md

Sometimes you have tests that work well for some platform combinations, e.g. Apache + modsecurity2, but fail for others, e.g. NGiNX + modsecurity3. Taking that into account, you can override test results using the `testoverride` config param. The test will be skipped, and the result forced as configured.

Tests can be altered using four lists:
- `input` allows you to override global parameters in tests. The following ones can be overridden:

>   - `dest_addr`: allows to point to an external IP or host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `dest_addr`: overrides the destination address (accepts IP or hostname)
```

>   - `override_empty_host_header`: enabling this flag, empty Host headers will be replaced with `dest_addr`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `override_empty_host_header`: if true and `dest_addr` override is _also_ set, empty `Host` headers will be replaced with `dest_addr`
```

  - `port`: overrides the port number
  - `protocol`: overrides the protocol
  - `uri`: overrides the uri
  - `version`: overrides the HTTP version. E.g. "HTTP/1.1"
  - `headers`: overrides headers, the format is a map of strings
  - `method`: overrides the method used to perform the request
  - `data`: overrides data sent in the request

>   - `savecookie`: 

Reviewer: Not yet implemented. @fzipi any plans to do that?

Author: Many thanks for the suggested changes Max! Being not implemented I temptatively removed it from the list

Reviewer 2: I think we need to uncomment https://github.com/coreruleset/go-ftw/blob/94ab311941820255097b13fe53c6f7276e19613a/ftwhttp/request.go#L165-L170 and provide some tests.

Reviewer: Ah yes. In that case @M4tteoP, I propose to drop `savecooke` for now, as you did. We can add it to the documentation once cookie handling has been implemented.

>   - `stopmagic`:

Reviewer: If we keep this option, we should rename it IMO (keep it for backward compatibility but add a sibling that has a better name and document that here). @fzipi?

```suggestion
  - `stopmagic`: prevent header autocompletion (currently sets `Connection: close` and `Content-Length` for requests with body data)
```

Reviewer 2: Yes `stopmagic` is clearly not a good name regarding its semantic. We can use a better one.

Reviewer: I have a draft PR waiting to rename stopmagic after this PR has been merged.

Tests can be altered using four lists:
- `input` allows you to override global parameters in tests. An example usage is if you want to change the `dest_addr` of all tests to point to an external IP or host

>   - it includes also the `override_empty_host_header` flag: enabling it, empty Host headers will be replaced with `dest_addr`

Reviewer 3: It feels like a breaking change. Are we OK with that? Shall we do it the other way around? Just loud thoughts.

Author: Being an override, part of the optional `testoverride` options, I felt that the correct default option would be to not override. Writing a test with an empty Host, I'm expecting that the Host is indeed sent empty.
If it sounds bad, I can turn it into `not_override_empty_host_header`

Reviewer: Yes, it would be breaking, but I agree with @M4tteoP. I only know of one person who uses this feature and I don't think it would be too much to ask to make a small adjustment. We'll increase the major version number, that should suffice as a signal. @fzipi what do you think?

Reviewer 2: This is part of the test yaml, right? Then we cannot change it without a new version of the yaml spec, sorry.

Author: So should I switch it to `not_override_empty_host_header `?
I think that #63  broke the default behavior, and enabling the custom behavior of overriding empty headers via `override_empty_host_header` would restore it.
We would have `dest_addr` that just overrides the destination address and the `override_empty_host_header` flag that force to override also the empty host headers, without any implicit behavior.

Reviewer: I don't understand your answer @fzipi 😅. I vote for `override_empty_host_header` (i.e., the "breaking change").

Reviewer 2: I don't mind the breaking change, as this is only in go-ftw. We should bail with an error for users that had the previous behavior, right?

Reviewer: How would we do that? Wouldn't that still be a valid configuration (valid in the context of testing, not w.r.t. HTTP)?
- dest_addr override would be set
- Host header would be empty
- Host header override would be empty

If you wanted to test request spoofing, i.e., use a host that differs from the target address, then you can't raise an exception here, right?

>   - it includes also the `override_empty_host_header` flag: enabling it, empty Host headers will be replaced with `dest_addr`

Reviewer: I think we should explicitly document all available overrides. That will make this section clearer.

Author: Done, I tried to write a small description of each, but not sure about `savecookie` and `stopmagic` 🤔

Reviewer: Thanks a lot!
